[minimal hip‐hop music]
♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[muffled upbeat music plays]
[people chattering]
DEALER:
What up, Power?
‐ What up?
DEALER:
Yo, we gonna need
a re‐up soon.
‐ Word.
You know where Sha at?
DEALER:
[chuckles]
There he go.
POWER: [scoffs]
A'ight.
Peace.
♪ ♪
Where the hell you been, Sha?
‐ Yo, my bad.
‐ I told you I was pickin'
you up at your crib, yo.
‐ Yo, cool.
We still talkin', man?
Let's go.
‐ All right, whatever, yo.
[thunder rolls]
[muffled hip‐hop music]
♪ ♪
[men grunting,
blades resounding]
♪ ♪
‐ There's gonna be
mad Stapleton niggas
out there waiting, son.
‐ I don't care how many
we gotta go through, son.
We dropping Dennis tonight.
Know what I mean?
♪ ♪
PERSON:
And if there's one thing
I'm sure of,
it's that drugs destroy
your mind
and destroy your home.
‐ I l‐love this s‐shit, nigga.
DENNIS:
Hey, yo, you love that shit
too much.
How many times
you gonna watch it?
I got you.
PERSON:
They're filthy
drug peddlers...
DENNIS:
Hey, yo, turn
that shit off, son.
It's time to eat.
Come on, yo.
‐ [snoring]
BYSTANDER: Shit. Come on, man.
THUG: Shut up.
This shit mine, man.
[rain spattering]
DENNIS:
Y'all hungry?
Y'all ready for this oatmeal?
This my comic?
Took my comic from me?
Oh, this is a old one.
This is right before
Tony Stark got paralyzed.
He was in a wheelchair too,
just like y'all,
but he was still a superhero.
[suspenseful music]
‐ W‐what... h‐happened?
DENNIS:
Oh, what happened.
He got shot.
♪ ♪
[gun snaps, cocks]
Yeah, his ex‐girl
put one through him.
See, this nigga fucked up
all the bad guys,
the Hulk, whoever,
but in the end, all it took
was a crazy‐ass bitch
to lay Iron Man down.
[laughs]
[glass shatters]
[automatic gunfire ]
Fuck!
[dramatic music]
Yo, don't move!
Don't move, son!
[boy whimpering]
POWER:
Yo, come on, move.
Get the fuck up out of here.
[dramatic music]
‐ Yo.
Yo, you hit?
Yo.
Yo, you okay back there?
DARIUS:
I‐I'm okay. I'm okay.
♪ ♪
[police siren wailing]
SHA: Oh, shit!
The cops came mad quick!
Yo, yo, yo.
Pull over right there.
Let me stash the TEC.
Right here, right here!
[tires screech,
engine revs]
♪ ♪
[panting]
[hip‐hop music]
[knocking on window]
♪ ♪
[knocking]
Yo!
♪ ♪
BOBBY:
What's the deal, Sha?
SHA:
Yo, what up, Bobby?
‐ You okay?
DARIUS: Nigga.
You almost killed m‐me.
‐ Yo, my bad, son.
[foreboding music]
Oh, shit, son.
♪ ♪
Ma!
‐ What is it?
Is it morning already?
♪ ♪
Wake me in an hour.
‐ W‐w‐where you going?
♪ ♪
[hip‐hop music]
[music stops]
‐ Where you coming from?
‐ Niggas had to put in work.
Yo, Bobby, I need you
to stash this shit for me.
‐ Hey, yo, this shit
is still hot.
Yo, what the fuck?
‐ Yo, play
that beat again, son.
[hip‐hop music]
♪ ♪
♪ Yo, yo, yo ♪
♪ Yo, Champion gear
that I rock ♪
♪ You get your boots knocked ♪
♪ Then attack you like a pit,
then lock shit down ♪
♪ As I come
and freaks the sound ♪
♪ Hardcore,
giving you more and more ♪
♪ Like ding ♪
♪ Nah, shorty, get you open
like six‐packs ♪
♪ Killa Beez attack,
flippin' what, murder one ♪
♪ Phat tracks, a'ight,
I kick it like a Nike Flight ♪
♪ Word life, I get
that ass robbed on spite ♪
♪ Check the method from Bedrock
'cause I rock
your head to bed ♪
♪ Just like rocking what,
twin Glocks ♪
♪ Shake the ground while
my beats just break you down ♪
♪ Raw sound,
goin' to war right now ♪
[hip‐hop music]
[men grunting]
[blade resounds]
♪ ♪
[gun cocks]
[dice thud]
♪ ♪
[blade resounds]
FREDO:
Yo, D‐Love.
Let me get two for five.
DENNIS: I ain't working.
‐ Come on, man.
Bless a nigga.
‐ Yo, I said
I ain't fucking working!
‐ A'ight, yeah, nigga.
Red tops in the Hill is better
than your bullshit
blue tops anyway.
Fuck a Stapleton nigga!
[hip‐hop music]
♪ ♪
ASON:
Hey, yo, throw
an extra wing in there,
some of that spicy red shit,
you know what I'm saying?
Make my hair curl
like James Brown!
‐ One dollar more.
‐ Come on, sister Lee.
You know I love you.
CASHIER:
You don't love nobody.
‐ What up, son?
‐ Shit just got real.
SHA:
♪ Going to war right now ♪
♪ Hey, yo, bombing ♪
♪ We Usually Take
All Niggas Garments ♪
‐ Hey, this‐‐
this is what you should be
putting your work into.
Fuck the streets, nigga.
SHA:
Nigga gotta eat.
Ain't making no bread
off of no music, son.
This is a hobby we picked up
in the lobby,
you know what I mean?
BOBBY: Hey.
I told you
in Miss Hoover's class.
We gonna make it big.
‐ [laughs]
Get the‐‐look, son.
Niggas is not in third grade.
Come on now.
BOBBY:
Hey, yo, this shit crazy, Sha.
PERSON:
What did you say?
Fight, damn it!
DIVINE:
You're lucky ain't no one
got hit,
but what'd you expect Power
and Sha was gonna do?
DENNIS:
I can't let that shit
slide, Divine.
DIVINE:
Look, Dennis.
You know I'd hit Power back
for you,
but we need to leave it alone
for right now.
We only a few grand away
from getting these bricks.
‐ Nah, 'Vine.
Fuck Power.
Fuck that bitch nigga Sha.
Fuck Park Hill.
Fuck all them niggas.
What about our rep?
‐ No, it's better to have
a rep in the streets
than a rep in jail.
‐ Hey, yo, pass the hot sauce,
huh?
Look, D, we gonna get
them niggas.
Trust me.
But business is first.
Yeah, them keys are coming
to Staten Island next week.
You know, no more having
to go Uptown
for our re‐up, huh?
‐ Yeah, I heard that.
DIVINE:
Well, hear me on this.
We focus on that cream,
then we let off that steam.
I want you and Ason
to do the pick‐ups
and the drop‐offs
with my brother tomorrow.
A'ight?
‐ You gonna finish
that beef and broccoli, yo?
‐ Yeah, nigga, I'm gonna finish
my beef and broccoli.
‐ I'm just saying‐‐
‐ You just ate up
all that fucking chicken.
What the fuck you want
beef and broccoli for?
God damn it.
Eat my beef.
You done fucked up
my whole appetite.
[metallic beat playing]
♪ ♪
BOBBY:
♪ I grew up in a place
they call Gatin' Staten ♪
♪ 7 miles from Brooklyn,
20 miles from Manhattan ♪
♪ We black makes fights
over crack sales
and cash bails ♪
♪ I strive to stay neutral
and travel
on the back trails ♪
Nah, nah.
♪ I live in a colonial home
in the neutral zone ♪
♪ Puffing bones,
making songs that will rock
your dome ♪
Nah, can't just be about me.
♪ ♪
♪ In a neutral territory
between two warring
communities ♪
♪ In a neutral territory
between two warring
communities ♪
♪ Fighting
over the same dollars so ♪
♪ ♪
Fighting over
the same dollars...
♪ Fighting over
the same dollars ♪
♪ So no exploring the unity ♪
♪ They call me a dreamer
'cause I dream I'm soon to be ♪
♪ Away from the schemers ♪
♪ And all of the buffoonery ♪
♪ ♪
Yeah, I like that shit.
Yeah.
♪ Bullets eject from a TEC‐9 ♪
♪ Six rounds per second ♪
♪ It's best to have
a bulletproof vest
for protection ♪
‐ [heavy footsteps]
DIVINE: Bobby, you still here?
‐ ♪ It's best to have
a bulletproof vest
for protection ♪
♪ It's best to have
a bulletproof vest ♪
‐ Little bro.
Bobby, you're supposed
to be out there doing pickups.
‐ [laughs]
Oh, shit.
♪ ♪
Hey, yo, what time is it?
‐ No, never mind all that.
You're so focused
on your records,
you don't even know
what happened last night.
SHA:
♪ I'm at war right now,
hey, yo, bombing ♪
♪ We Usually Take ♪
‐ So what happened last night?
‐ Dennis got his crib shot up.
‐ Wait, what?
Yo, is everybody good?
Is‐‐is‐‐
‐ Yo, everyone was lucky.
‐ A'ight, good, good.
Y'all figure anything out?
‐ That track
you were just playing‐‐
who's running on it?
‐ It was Sha.
And when'd y'all record that?
[suspenseful music]
‐ A while ago.
♪ ♪
Why?
‐ Go do your fucking pickups.
I'm going to bed.
♪ ♪
[smooth music playing]
RANDY:
Ooh, I'm telling Mommy!
‐ You need to mind
your business.
And make sure
you don't waste them eggs.
‐ But I want Frosted Flakes.
SHURRIE:
You know better.
No sugar in the morning.
‐ I'll ask Mommy.
‐ She's sleeping
'cause she worked a double.
Do you really wanna
wake her up?
[door clicks shut]
BOBBY:
Hey, what's going on over here?
Let me see
what this tasting like,
'cause you know
you ain't eating this.
You don't want that.
Huh?
RANDY: Hey!
‐ Hey.
Mmm!
Well, you know
Shurrie's the best cook.
‐ Mm.
BOBBY: I wish I had me a plate.
‐ It's on the stove.
BOBBY: Thank you.
Y'all hurry up
and get to school, all right?
Y'all gonna be late.
SHURRIE:
Divine said you already are.
[faint hip‐hop music]
‐ Fuck.
[people chattering]
[hip‐hop music]
SHA:
Yo, Power, we gotta hit Dennis
before him and Divine hit us.
POWER:
He ain't gonna hit us.
Not yet.
That's not Divine's way.
He on his suit‐and‐tie shit.
That nigga want
to be a businessman,
but the problem is,
what we do
ain't no fucking business.
Know what I mean?
It's a hustle.
‐ What's the difference?
‐ All niggas got
an expiration date.
We ain't here to build
no business.
We here to beat the clock,
and you're a fool
if you think otherwise.
‐ We're all out.
‐ Indeed we are.
Where you headed?
‐ Home.
‐ Yo, I got you.
‐ No, I'ma walk it.
♪ ♪
Peace.
[fingers snap]
[car alarm chirps]
[horn blares]
PA:
...the uniformed crew members
located on each deck.
‐ So how the fuck y'all know
Sha was with him
in the first place?
I mean, he ain't
the only shooter on P's team.
‐ [belches]
You know that sneaky bastard
be everywhere with Power.
Come on, cousin.
‐ Hey, yo, w‐when the last time
you seen him?
‐ I don't know.
It's been a minute.
‐ Yeah, well, I don't care
if y'all motherfuckers
go all the way back
to eatin' cupcakes
and fucking playing G.I. Joe
and shit.
I'ma peel that nigga's
cap back.
It'd be done already
if your brother ain't pumped
the brakes.
[foreboding music]
♪ ♪
[horn blows]
[person speaking softly
over PA]
‐ Enjoy your trip.
‐ Thank you.
DENNIS:
You rocking
that fake crown, son.
‐ Ah, it's just work shit.
‐ You some old chocolate
deluxe‐type sugarplum
yum‐yum mama.
Shit, I'd love to rub your ass
in the moonshine.
When I look
into those pretty eyes,
I can read your soul.
Says you're descended
from an Egyptian queen.
‐ All right, come on.
You're holding up my line‐‐
‐ Yo, I'm not leaving
until she give me her number.
DENNIS:
Ready to handle this business?
[hip‐hop beat playing]
♪ ♪
‐ [mouthing words]
BOBBY: Yo.
This supposed to be 1,500.
‐ Shit was slow.
I mean, it should pick up
over the weekend.
‐ Come on, son.
We ain't got no time
for games, nigga.
Where the fuck the money at?
Where the money at, son?
ORIN:
Come on, Bobby.
What's wrong with your man?
‐ Hey, yo.
Bobby D, what it do?
‐ Shit, what up, Shotgun?
‐ Hey, yo, fam,
whatever y'all niggas
is doing here,
you can't be doing that.
This is a place of business.
‐ Yeah, our business.
‐ This ain't Stapleton.
‐ Yo, it ain't Park Hill
either, nigga.
‐ Relax.
‐ Check this out.
I live in Park Hill,
but I'm good everywhere.
I'm not with none of this
petty neighborhood bullshit.
So like I said,
y'all got to go.
‐ Yo, who the fuck is you?
‐ Assistant manager.
‐ Yo, a'ight, a'ight,
all right.
All right.
Hey, chill out.
Hey, Shotgun, let me holler
at you for a minute, a'ight?
Let me talk to you
for a minute.
‐ Yeah, a'ight.
BOBBY: Yeah.
Let us just have five minutes.
Laying some new beats.
Just come by the lab
and maybe you can record
some of that heat, nigga.
‐ Lunch break over
in two minutes, man.
‐ Hey, yo, you better have
the rest of that cheese
by Sunday.
A'ight?
[easy listening music]
You gotta stop
letting niggas slide
all the time.
Yo, what you buy?
‐ Some pussy!
Hey, yo, she gave me
a few rolls of film for free!
DENNIS:
Nigga, you don't even got
a camera, bro.
FIVE PERCENTER: A man must
attain knowledge of himself
in order to survive here
in the wilderness
of North America.
Black people
are the original people
and the fathers
of the universe,
and we out here
teaching everything
other than our word!
ALL:
So.
‐ Hey, yo, I can't believe
you let the assistant manager
punk us like that, son.
‐ Yeah, whatever, yo.
‐ Man, whatever?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Your brother need
all his money
if he gonna cop that brick,
know what I mean?
BOBBY:
Don't be talking to me
about my brother, yo.
CHESS PLAYER:
Hey, Bobby!
‐ I'ma catch y'all niggas
later, man.
‐ Oh, what's up?
‐ Yo, you serious?
Trying to stop
and play games and shit?
Ain't you got Monopoly
at home, nigga?
‐ Yo, I wanna be
the thimble piece.
‐ Hey, yo, chill.
I told y'all niggas
I'ma catch y'all later.
‐ [laughs]
A'ight, son.
Yo.
‐ Been a while
since I took your money,
youngblood.
‐ You ain't taking nothing
from me today.
A'ight?
‐ Oh, well, well.
Let's get it on.
Yeah.
‐ Yo, homeboy,
let me get a dime bag.
‐ What?
‐ Weed, man.
‐ Hey, wrong homeboy.
Yo, can you believe that shit?
‐ You sure
you ain't that homeboy?
Huh?
‐ That ain't me.
‐ Who are you, then?
‐ There's stuff I gotta do,
for my family,
but I do be having
other shit on my mind.
‐ Clearly.
‐ I be hearing music in my head
all day long.
And I get lost in that shit.
I love it.
♪ ♪
And I get pulled out
'cause of, you know, uh,
business...
‐ Like a splash of cold water
on your face.
[both laugh]
‐ Yeah, man.
Something like that.
‐ Well, it's nobody else's job
to chase your dreams for you.
Sounds to me
like you're out here,
doing somebody else's business
and not your own.
Speaking of business.
Checkmate.
[laughs]
[metallic clanging]
[person speaking on TV]
BOBBY: What up, 'Rie?
SHURRIE: Oh, hey.
What up, Ran‐D. M. C.?
Hey.
What happened?
‐ School.
‐ Oh, yeah?
Was somebody messing with you?
You take them out like Mike?
‐ Nah, Shurrie did.
Clotheslined him
like Rowdy Roddy Piper.
The whole schoolyard laughed.
‐ Hell, yeah.
Who is, uh‐‐
who's Mom talking to upstairs?
‐ Jerome.
Something about putting
more money on his commissary.
LINDA:
Bobby, is that you?
BOBBY:
Yeah.
‐ Well, what do you
expect me to do?
I got my hands full here.
Baby, I need you to hurry
and put my numbers in.
They close in 20 minutes.
Here.
Play, um, Randy's‐‐
‐ Randy's birthday.
‐ Straight.
What about your mother?
[muffled soul music]
[person singing]
SINGER:
♪ To change the world ♪
♪ ♪
‐ [yelling]
‐ [screaming]
‐ Fucking ass over here!
Give me the‐‐
where is my shit?
‐ No! No!
‐ Where's my money?
‐ Yo, yo,
hey, hey, hey, hey.
Yo, yo, yo.
Chill out.
‐ What the fuck you doing?
Mind your fucking business.
‐ Better watch who the fuck
you talking to, nigga.
‐ [grunts]
[groans]
‐ Yo, walk that fucking shit
off, nigga.
[man gasping]
[tinny hip‐hop music plays]
♪ ♪
WOMAN: It's okay.
[inhales sharply]
♪ ♪
[loud bang]
‐ No!
No!
[loud bang]
‐ [yells]
LINDA: No!
‐ Mother‐‐
♪ ♪
[yells]
Damn it!
♪ ♪
BOBBY:
Why do I have to go?
LINDA:
Don't make Mommy cry.
♪ ♪
It's for the best.
‐ [grunts]
LINDA: No! No!
No! No! No!
♪ ♪
[train rumbling distantly]
[muffled rock music]
♪ ♪
ROY C: ♪ Gentlemen,
gentlemen, gentlemen,
gentlemen, gentlemen ♪
♪ Gentlemen, gentlemen ♪
♪ ♪
‐ Hey, who's that DJ,
Kid Capri?
EMPLOYEE:
I don't know.
ROY C:
♪ Ladies and ge‐‐ ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Gentlemen, gentlemen ♪
‐ Hey, what is this?
‐ It's an SP‐1200 drum machine
with a built‐in
ten‐second sampler.
This thing never makes
a timing error.
‐ How much?
‐ 2,000 bucks out the door.
BOBBY:
I gotta try this shit out.
[disconnected drum sounds]
♪ ♪
[rhythm playing]
PERSON: Yeah,
fuck all that, son.
[dog barking distantly]
Yo.
DIVINE:
Look who decided to show up.
‐ I need to ask you something.
‐ About?
‐ I need an advance.
DIVINE:
You come up short on pickups,
and you asking for an advance?
A'ight, so how much?
[Ason and Dennis
talking indistinctly]
‐ 2,000.
DIVINE: You're fucking with me.
The fuck you need $2,000 for?
‐ It's for
this new beat machine.
Look, I'm telling you,
this shit is
a fucking game‐changer.
I mean, the‐‐
the quality of demos
I can make off of this shit
is fucking...
DIVINE:
Hey, yo.
My little brother
needs 2 Gs for a drum machine.
Who got 'em?
ASON:
Hey, yo, fuck you need
a drum machine for, son?
You got the human beatboxer
right here!
Hey, yo, check it out.
Hold on.
[vocalizing]
DENNIS:
Yo, check it.
♪ Yo, fiends coming back... ♪
‐ And all that costs you
is a 40 of Olde E.
DENNIS:
♪ I wanna let off steam,
but hell, no ♪
♪ Every blue top sold
equates to mad cream ♪
♪ Get the dough by any means,
the American dream ♪
♪ Guns and bitches,
stashes and riches I seek ♪
♪ The only drum machine I need
is Ason Unique ♪
♪ 2 Gs towards a key
will build a empire ♪
♪ 2 Gs for a drum machine? ♪
♪ I'm uninspired ♪
[motor roaring]
[tires screech]
ASON:
Oh, shit.
Here comes Jah Son.
This nigga tripping.
[hip‐hop music playing]
‐ Bobby D, what up?
BOBBY: Yo, what up, Jah?
‐ Nigga, I just got me
a quarter uptown,
all feeling
like motherfucking Scarface
in this bitch, nigga.
This shit fucking‐‐oh‐‐
fucking weigh a ton.
[car horn honks]
DRIVER:
Hey, yo, move your fucking car!
‐ No, they not
fucking honking me.
They wanna play with me?
DRIVER: Yo!
‐ They wanna fucking play
with me, huh?
Let's show them some fucking
play rough, motherfucker.
‐ Yo, yo, yo‐‐
‐ Huh?
Shit, what's good?
Huh?
DRIVER: Nigga, what's up?
‐ Nigga, I know
this motherfucker.
[laughs]
Damn, I almost blew
your fucking head off, B.
Stop fucking around, nigga.
Seriously, you too, nigga?
DRIVER: Man, you wild, Jah.
[melancholy music]
♪ ♪
[thunder peals]
[ Hey Young World
by Slick Rick]
SINGER:
♪ Hey young world,
the world is yours ♪
♪ Young world, young world ♪
♪ The world is yours ♪
♪ Young wo‐o‐o‐o‐o‐orld ♪
♪ This rap here ♪
SLICK RICK: ♪ It may cause
concern, it's ♪
SINGER: ♪ Broad and deep ♪
SLICK RICK: ♪ Why don't
you listen ♪
LINDA:
You're burning it.
Shurrie, you hear me?
SHURRIE:
Divine likes his skin crispy.
‐ All right, I'ma be late
for my shift.
‐ Don't forget your purse.
DIVINE:
Hey, Mommy.
LINDA: If you got the rent,
I can drop it off
on my way to the Rib Shack.
‐ No, no, I already paid it,
all right?
DENNIS:
Wasn't Cross Colours, even.
The nigga Jah Son
came out the whip
like Rainbow Man,
like one of them clowns
in the circus or some shit.
‐ Yo, like, uh‐‐like, uh‐‐
like Ronald McDonald.
‐ Yeah!
‐ Happy Meal.
[laughter]
‐ All he needed
was the red afro.
You know?
[honks]
‐ Eat your food.
BOBBY:
You save me a plate?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
On the stove.
He was bullying him.
DIVINE:
He need to learn how to fight
for himself, don't he?
DENNIS:
He gotta learn right now.
[ Hard Times
by Baby Huey playing]
Whoo, this is that shit.
Oh, shit.
♪ ♪
BABY HUEY:
♪ Cold, cold eyes
upon me they stare ♪
♪ People all around me
and they're all in fear ♪
♪ They don't seem to want me,
but they won't admit ♪
‐ Turn it off.
BABY HUEY:
♪ Some kind of creature ♪
♪ Up here having fits ♪
♪ From my party house,
I'm afraid to come outside ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Although I'm‐‐ ♪
‐ Yo.
Yo, why you bugging?
‐ Go finish your homework.
‐ I did already.
‐ Come on.
DENNIS: I'll see y'all.
I gotta get home
to my brothers.
I'ma catch ya.
‐ All right.
SHURRIE: Later, D.
[door clicks shut]
‐ Kilos are coming
to Staten Island
for the first time in whenever.
Now, you know how long
I've been stacking up my chips
for this.
We get our hands
on a whole key and flip it.
Now, that's some life‐changing
shit right there.
‐ Right, so what?
So you flip that shit,
and then you give me the money.
‐ Oh, you want more money
to buy
your little music machine
or whatever, then bro,
you need to put in work.
‐ I put in work.
‐ No, you‐‐
you put in part‐time.
This work we do‐‐
it's all for family.
Now, you only family part‐time?
Is that what you're saying?
Now, we out there at war
with Power and Park Hill
while you down in the basement
with Gladys Knight.
They tried to wet D.
You think they won't try
and touch you, hmm?
‐ I don't know.
I don't roll like D.
‐ Yeah, that's right.
You don't.
See, I remember
when you and Sha
were shorties,
chewing Bubble Yum together.
That's the only reason
I've been giving
that little nigga a pass.
But if he had anything to do
with that move on D,
yeah, it ain't gonna be
his bubble that gets popped.
Know what I mean?
‐ Yo, Sha ain't have nothing
to do with that shit.
All right?
Right, we just trying
to make music, yo.
DIVINE:
It must be nice
to have dreams, hmm?
But they ain't real.
This house is real.
That food on your plate,
the money that pays
for all of it,
is real.
‐ Your way ain't
the only way, 'Vine.
‐ You know the other thing
about dreams
is that they're there
for you to wake up from.
You wanna make it
in this world?
Then put in the fucking work.
Tomorrow, when I page you,
it's on you
to go get the re‐up.
Hey, yo, going
to North Carolina
was the worst thing
that could've ever happened
to you.
[door opens, closes]
[loud ticking]
DRIVER: Travel time
is approximately 17 hours...
♪ ♪
Thirty minutes...
‐ Bobby?
You remember me?
I'm your Uncle Hollis.
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
Welcome to your new home.
Where we're at,
you speak
when you're spoken to.
You say "yes" and "sir."
Understand?
‐ Yes, sir.
‐ All right.
♪ ♪
This is my sister Goldie.
She looks over my properties.
‐ Hello.
Hello, ma'am.
‐ We're happy
to have you, Bobby.
I'ma feed y'all
after I feed the chickens.
GLADYS KNIGHT:
♪ Or has time
rewritten every line ♪
♪ And if we had the chance
to do it all again ♪
♪ Tell me ♪
‐ Did you brush your teeth?
‐ Yeah‐‐yes, sir.
‐ Turn that off.
Good night, Bobby.
[animals vocalizing distantly]
[chittering sound]
[foreboding music]
♪ ♪
[record player clicks]
[drum machine beat]
♪ ♪
SALESMAN:
This thing never‐ver‐ver‐‐
never makes a timing error.
♪ ♪
BOBBY:
[sighs]
[synth drum beat plays]
♪ ♪
[melancholy music]
‐ Yo.
Yo, we sold out.
[sniffs]
Shit was popping last night.
♪ ♪
[line trills]
[line beeps]
[keys beep]
♪ ♪
[tone beeps]
[pager beeps]
♪ ♪
‐ Yo, that ain't
gonna fit, man.
♪ ♪
You put it back now,
I won't report you
to the manager.
Otherwise, he gonna ban you
from the store.
♪ ♪
All right?
DIVINE:
I told them niggas,
they need to stay
near their fucking‐‐
their fucking beepers, man.
That's what I fucking
told them.
B‐BLACK:
Telling you, if you don't re‐up
in the next 30,
these fiends'll go over
to the Hill
and cop them red tops.
‐ Yo, fucking Bobby
ain't call me back.
Hey, I'ma‐‐I'ma hit D up.
B‐BLACK:
A'ight.
[knocking]
‐ Hey, yo, where Randy at?
‐ At his friend's,
like I told you already.
[pager beeps]
Come on.
My mom's gonna be home soon!
We don't have much time.
Oh, my...
DENNIS: Fuck.
Fuck.
[both panting]
‐ Yeah.
[moaning]
DENNIS: Fuck.
SHURRIE: Oh, yeah.
[hip‐hop music playing]
♪ ♪
‐ What's up, baby?
‐ Yo, you seen where D at?
JAH SON:
I paged him an hour ago
and he ain't hit me back yet.
♪ ♪
DIVINE:
Yo, head back to the spot,
a'ight?
‐ You bet.
‐ Hey, you sure you want
this fiend
looking after the spot?
‐ Fuck you, old
Grimace‐looking motherfucker.
You know I ain't
no fucking fiend.
JAH SON: Okay, nigga.
You can't take
a fucking joke, nigga?
‐ Man, fuck you.
‐ Nigga, it's a fucking joke.
Fucking take it.
It's not a fucking dick,
a'ight?
‐ Come on, man.
You know I ain't
no fucking fiend.
‐ Hey, maybe so,
but you looking
kind of fiendish to me.
Look at him, nigga.
That's a crackhead.
‐ Come on, man.
Fuck what he talking about,
man?
Who making the drop,
Bobby or D‐Love?
♪ ♪
‐ [sighs]
I'll do it my damn self.
♪ ♪
‐ Hey, you want me
to come with you?
DIVINE: Nah.
‐ Nigga, sit your ugly ass
down, bro.
Nobody need your shit no more.
B‐BLACK: Fuck you, Grimace!
‐ Stay off the crack.
Visit your mom, nigga.
I know she fucking miss you.
She told me that shit
last night.
POWER:
I spoke with Haze, and he said
Cressy and his team
is all set up.
A'ight, Bricks is on the Rock.
‐ Word.
Shit, it sound
like we all good, then.
‐ Yeah, but yo,
I wanna settle
that other problem first,
know what I mean?
I don't want
these Stapleton niggas
making a come‐up.
Hey, fucking Haze is cool
with Divine,
so I'm assuming he'll be
setting up business with him.
Where you stash the TEC?
‐ The chick house.
She good.
‐ Go on and get that back.
I want Dennis in the ground
by the end of the week,
my nigga.
A'ight?
Take these niggas' strength
away.
‐ Oh, shit.
[pager buzzing]
Oh, fuck.
[foreboding music]
Shit.
♪ ♪
[line trilling]
[phone ringing]
♪ ♪
‐ Sheba, stay.
[dog whines]
[door creaks]
♪ ♪
[loud knocking]
‐ I thought Bobby was coming.
‐ No, instead you got me.
‐ Oh, okay.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
‐ Mm.
Yo, you got this
for you little brother
but you can't hook me up
with one, too?
‐ No, I gotta go.
♪ ♪
‐ Yo, let me hit it again.
Your bonbons still hard.
‐ Get out of here.
Uh‐uh.
‐ Yo, Shurrie‐‐
‐ My mom gonna be home soon.
Uh‐uh.
Come on.
‐ Yo‐‐
♪ ♪
SHURRIE:
Mm. Okay. Okay!
DENNIS:
All right, I'll see you later.
‐ Bye.
♪ ♪
‐ For real?
‐ Nia, I'll be right back.
‐ You promise?
‐ Yeah, yeah, sure, dear.
I promise.
Okay.
[door clicks shut]
[gun cocking]
[electronic bleeping]
FAT LARRY:
If New Jersey
would've won that boat race,
then this rock
we call Staten Island
would be a part of New Jersey,
and all the micks from Bayonne
would've moved in here,
and that's a fact.
Hey, Cocoa Puff!
Get the hell out of here!
I catch you playing
with that again,
I'm gonna break
your little fingers!
Oh!
How do you expect them
to learn that way?
‐ When are you gonna learn
to listen to your doctor,
quit smoking?
[phone rings]
‐ Yeah, yeah.
Hello, yeah.
Yeah, she's here.
Yeah, hold on.
‐ Hello?
[phone trills]
Divine, baby.
You okay?
‐ Yeah, Mom.
I'm okay.
Yeah.
Put Bobby on.
‐ Divine, I'm sorry, man.
I was‐‐I was just trying to‐‐
DIVINE:
There ain't no time for that.
Yo, you and D
can apologize to me
after you get me out of here.
BOBBY:
All right, well,
your bail is 250,
and we still gotta get
that 10%.
You know, Ma's trying
to get you a lawyer, so‐‐
DIVINE: No, we can't afford
to have our cream tied up
in the system
or with no lawyer.
Now, we need to use that money
on that cake.
You know what I'm saying?
‐ Yeah, but we‐‐
we gotta get you out.
DIVINE:
No, we need a roof
over our head
and food on our table first,
so don't talk to me
about bail or no lawyer.
You need to put that money
to work.
You, Bobby.
You need to do that,
or we ain't gonna have
no house.
We ain't gonna have nothing.
You gotta be the man now,
whether you like it or not.
A'ight?
‐ Yeah.
Yeah, I hear you.
‐ Yo, money,
Dougie Fresh time in here.
Six minutes and off.
PRISONER:
Hang it the fuck up!
‐ Hey, yo.
Put D on.
[foreboding music]
‐ Yo.
♪ ♪
‐ Yo, fam, you good?
Them BK niggas
trying to press hard?
DIVINE:
It is what it is.
Listen, uh,
we continue with the movement.
Fl‐zip that cake fast,
and then we can talk
about b‐zail.
PRISONER:
Six minutes is up.
‐ Yeah, my brother
can have his head
up in the clouds,
so I'ma need you
to be my boots on the ground.
You know what I mean?
‐ Word is bond.
DIVINE: A'ight.
♪ ♪
‐ Six minutes is up, Staten!
‐ Yo, 'Vine.
[prisoners yelling]
Yo, 'Vine.
‐ What's happening?
‐ Yo.
'Vine.
LINDA: What's happening
to my baby?
[men shouting]
‐ 'Vine.
‐ What's happening to my baby?
[men shouting]
♪ ♪
YOUNG BOBBY:
No, please, Auntie, no!
GOLDIE: Are you gonna forget
to turn the lights off
in your room?
‐ No, ma'am!
[cries]
No, please, Auntie, no!
GOLDIE:
That's right.
‐ [cries out]
[warm music]
♪ ♪
HOLLIS:
Now, what's this I hear
about you keeping
the light on all night?
Goldie sleeps
with the window open,
and those mosquitoes
be feasting on her.
‐ There's demons in my room.
They be there in the dark.
‐ Okay, no more horror movies
for you.
‐ If God made light,
why does darkness still exist?
‐ Actually, Bobby,
light is always shining.
It's just that
we turn ourselves
away from it
and end up in the shadow
of something that blocks
the light.
Sometimes,
it's our own shadows.
Look around the room, Bobby.
Y‐you see the bookcase?
‐ Yes, sir.
‐ See the closet?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ What's in the dark
is also in the light.
It's just your perception
that changes.
See?
Everything the same.
‐ So the demon in my closet
was just my imagination?
HOLLIS:
Yep.
The largest nation
is the imagination.
It can be your greatest enemy,
but if you have control
of it
and you understand
how to use it,
it becomes
your greatest weapon.
‐ You're saying
your imagination
is like a superpower.
HOLLIS:
Well, that's one way to put it.
Now, get you some rest.
‐ Yes, sir.
HOLLIS:
Boo!
[laughs]
‐ [laughs]
HOLLIS: Good night, Bobby.
‐ Night, Uncle Hollis.
Love you!
[warm music]
♪ ♪
DENNIS:
Can't believe 'Vine
gotta do a bid
right before the keys
are finally coming
to Staten Island.
‐ Hey, stop saying that shit.
He might get off.
‐ Yo, with what he had
on him?
Nuh‐uh.
Ain't no way he walking,
unless he snitching,
and Vine ain't no snitch.
♪ ♪
Hey, yo, h‐how many years
you think he gonna get?
BOBBY: I don't know!
I look like a fucking lawyer?
DENNIS:
Use your imagination, nigga.
Hey, yo, it coulda been
me or you that got picked up.
‐ Maybe.
Maybe, or if me and you
were around,
no one would've got bagged.
[men grunting,
blades resounding]
‐ Hey, yo, when y'all get this?
‐ Oh, shit, yo.
That's, uh...
I be having that
for a minute.
‐ From where?
‐ My cousin Gary's man
out in Brooklyn.
Repo man was coming
for his car,
so I got it for cheap.
DENNIS:
And you ain't never
shown me this shit, son?
This shit fire!
[exhales sharply]
‐ Yeah.
[laughs]
Let me see that shit, nigga.
‐ Nah.
This exactly
what I been needing.
‐ For what?
‐ To hit back at Power
and your boy Sha.
♪ ♪
‐ I thought Divine said
to deck that shit.
DENNIS:
Well, 'Vine ain't here
right now, is he?
We in charge,
and the first order of business
is we getting them niggas back.
PERSON:
...attempt to fan
our rivalry!
PERSON:
I don't give a damn.
‐ So you do want us
to kill each other.
‐ That's right.
I want you to fight
till one of you dies.
[Can It Be All So Simple
by the Wu‐Tang Clan]
RAEKWON: Take you on
this lyrical high real quick.
1993 exoticness.
Know what I'm saying?
Let's get technical.
Where's your bone at?
Get up on that shit, a'ight?
♪ Started off on the island,
AKA Shaolin ♪
♪ Niggas wilin',
gunshots thrown,
the phone dialin' ♪
♪ Back in the days,
I'm eight now ♪
♪ Makin' a tape now,
Rae gotta get a plate now ♪
♪ Ignorant and mad young ♪
♪ Wanted to be the one ♪
♪ Till I got‐‐felt one ♪
CHORUS: Blaow, blaow, blaow
RAEKWON:
♪ Yeah, my pops
was a fiend since 16 ♪
♪ Shootin' that
"that's that shit"
in his bloodstream ♪
♪ That's the life
of a grimy real‐life crimey ♪
♪ And niggas know
that habit's behind me ♪
♪ Day one, yo, growin' all up
in the ghetto ♪
♪ Now I'm a weed fiend
jettin' to Palmetto ♪
♪ In Medina, yo, no doubt,
the god got crazy clout ♪
♪ Pushin' the big joint
from down south ♪
♪ So if you're filthy
stacked up ♪
♪ Better watch your back
and duck ♪
♪ 'Cause these fiends,
they got it cracked up ♪
♪ Now my man from up north,
now he got the loft ♪
♪ It's solid as a rock
and crazy salt ♪
♪ No jokes, I'm not playin',
get his folks ♪
♪ Desert Eagle his dick
and put him in a yoke ♪
♪ And to know for sure,
I got reck and rip shop ♪
♪ I pointed a gat
at his mother's knot ♪
GLADYS KNIGHT:
♪ Can it be ♪
♪ That it was all
so simple then? ♪
PERSON:
Get on the line.
[dramatic music]
DIVINE: It's Staten Island...
[doorbell buzzes]
Against the world.
[hip‐hop music]
I told you, Bobby, you got
to step up and make decisions.
BOBBY:
We in charge now.
‐ When there's a war in the
streets, nobody makes money.
‐ But when that war is over,
it's winner take all.
‐ Truth.
METHOD MAN: ♪ Cash rules
everything around me ♪
♪ CREAM get the money,
dollar, dollar bill, y'all ♪
PERSON:
When y'all gonna start
making more music together?
‐ Nah, I'm good.
‐ He shot at my crib where
my moms and my brothers stay.
When I catch up with Sha...
[imitates gunfire]
INSPECTAH DECK:
♪ A man with a dream
with plans to make cream ♪
‐ You got Divine's bail?
‐ We don't have enough yet.
‐ Where you been at lately?
PERSON: Hey, yo, I'm out here
putting in work.
‐ What would Bobby think?
‐ You want to tell him?
‐ Yo, battle
on the island, son.
PERSON: The winner
of the battle gets $5,000?
‐ Let the battle begin.
PERSON: Here we are again...
‐ [imitates gunshot]
PERSON: Another mother's son
has been taken from us.
‐ I'm sick of this.
‐ What?
PERSON: You got to tell her.
You can't just be trifling
with it.
PERSON:
You're looking at 20 years.
[gavel bangs]
‐ It's not just you up in here.
It's us.
PERSON:
I'm gonna step it up, Ma.
‐ You control your fate.
♪ ♪
PERSON: ♪ Bam ♪
‐ That beat is hard.
‐ Them tapes swarming in the
hood like killer bees and shit.
‐ Damn, son.
‐ ♪ With the ruckus style ♪
♪ Turn the other cheek,
and I'll break your chin ♪
‐ ♪ Whoa‐ho‐ho, here I go,
watch my flow ♪
‐ Put on a good show.
It doesn't matter
if there's two people today.
Tomorrow there's gonna be 200
and then 2,000.
RZA: ♪ Wu‐Tang Clan ain't
nothing to [...] with ♪
♪ Wu‐Tang Clan ain't
PERSON:
We coming together.
‐ Wu‐Tang sword style.
‐ [imitates blade swooshing]
♪ ♪
METHOD MAN:
♪ Dollar, dollar bill y'all ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org